Improve grammar (#8749)
TheOdinProject/curriculum: web_development_101/the_basics/how_this_course_will_work.md

### Welcome to The Odin Project

> The Odin Project is an open source community project dedicated to providing the best information sources to take you from zero to full-stack developer.  More information can be found at The Odin Project's [about page](https://www.theodinproject.com/about).

Reviewer: Let's remove "project" here
```suggestion
The Odin Project is an open source community dedicated to providing the best information sources to take you from zero to full-stack developer.  More information can be found at The Odin Project's [about page](https://www.theodinproject.com/about).
```

### Introduction

In this unit, we'll learn about how the web works and start thinking about the basics of computer and web programming.

Each of the following sections and lessons represents essential baseline knowledge.  Even if you have no intention of becoming a web developer yourself, this material should help you gain a useful understanding of the moving parts involved in creating and serving content on the web.  

We will start by getting familiar with the internet and your own computer.  Next, we'll work on setting up a development environment and learning about Git and GitHub. Then, we'll go over the basics of front end technologies like HTML, CSS, and Javascript before stepping into the back end with a brief foray into Ruby and Ruby on Rails.  We will finish by learning about pair programming so that you can team up to code with others around the world.

> By the end of this unit, you should not only understand how the web works but also be able to identify and differentiate between each of the technologies that you will be learning in order to build your own web applications.  You will be able to build a simple webpage, style it, and add minor elements of interactivity while working comfortably from the command line.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By the end of this unit, you should not only understand how the web works, but also be able to identify, and differentiate between, all of the technologies that you will use to build your own web applications.  You will be able to build a simple webpage, style it, and add minor elements of interactivity while working comfortably from the command line.
```

Author: I made the changes for "each" to "all" and "be learning in order" to "use". However, the comma between the "not only... but also" phrase is incorrect, so I omitted it. (For reference, see Chicago Manual of Style 6.41.) I've also omitted the commas used to offset the phrase "and differentiate between" as this phrase doesn't require setting off and because I feel that it flows better as part of the main sentence structure.

> This section intentionally covers a very broad range of knowledge. It's silly to go diving straight into server-side programming without having a context for what it is and why it's useful (and why you should learn it!).  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section intentionally covers a very broad range of topics. It's silly to go diving straight into server-side programming without having a context for what it is and why it's useful (and why you should learn it!).  
```

### How It Works

> This curriculum works by pulling together the best content we can find across the internet for learning a particular topic.  In each lesson, we'll introduce the topic and try to provide some useful context before pointing you to external resources made by others.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This curriculum works by pulling together the best content from across the internet for learning a particular topic.  In each lesson, we'll introduce the topic and try to provide some useful context before pointing you to external resources made by others.
```

> Most lessons will contain questions that you should be able to answer before moving on.  Some of the lessons will ask you to do exercises, and we also provide several projects to help you grow your understanding by actually building things.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Most lessons will contain questions that you should be able to answer before moving on.  Some of the lessons will ask you to do exercises. We also provide several projects to help you grow your understanding by actually building things.  
```

Author: I made some additional changes to help improve the flow.
